# Rock paper scissors game
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/xMtBbX3kNs4
#### Description:
This is a very traditional rock paper scissors game. I've used couple of sources to get the hand ASCII arts from. I used random library to make bot select a move randomly, and tabulate library to create a "GUI" for the game. When I first started doing this project, I wondered which libraries I should've used, in the end I figured that tabulate was the best for gui creation. I had 2 choices - either no gui, or with gui, so I decided that making a simple game with simple gui would be fitting. As for the random library, I was thinking about how I could generate random bot moves. Then i got the idea to associate numbers with moves, that way, I could generate random number from 1 to 3 and give each number a meaning. (for example 1 - rock, 2 - paper etc). After I got that working, I needed to figure out whether users input was valid or not, for that I simply used if statement, if true - then pass, else it prints invalid input and reprompts the user. Finally I needed to compare user's input with bot input, for that I created a final function called finalAnswer(), I redefined the ascii art variables and put them into a dictionary, that way I could print the ascii variant of inputs easily, instead of having to use sphagetti else if statements. After using tabulate to show both party's inputs, I then made simple elif statements which found out who won the game, if you won - you'd get +1 point, however if you lost or tied, you'd get +0 points. In the end I made sure to include the links to ascii arts in every file and every top line of code ive used them in. 

After finishing the project code, I started working on test_project code. I found out that it wasnt possible to pass all the tests with just pytest, I need to use pytest -s to make them pass. I defined new functions and named them with test_ prefix. I made sure to include every function except for the main function of course (I decided not to test_main because of all the past projects, that didnt require me to test the main function). 

Now that I've covered the thought process behind rock paper scissors, I'll add the thought process behind the project as a whole. At first i thought of making tic-tac-toe game using tabulate, then i thought of snake game, but then I remembered that I've already made snakegame and tictactoe using javascript, so I rejected those ideas and went for something that I personally have never done before. Such idea was Rock-paper-scissors game, plus the fact that this game wasnt very hard to make and i had the required knowledge to make this game, made me even more determined to choose this idea. That's how i ended up with this specific game. 

For the requirements.txt file, I made sure to put all the libraries(random, tabulate) and ASCII art links(#https://emojicombos.com/rock-paper-scissors-ascii-art AND #https://gist.github.com/wynand1004/b5c521ea8392e9c6bfe101b025c39abe) I've used in the project. I also made sure to add #!!Please use pytest -s for test_project!! comment into requirements.txt and test_project.py, so that people reviewing this project won't run into some errors.    
